# LookML Highlighter

## Colour theme

The colours come from the official Looker IDE and are included in this extension. However, for dark themes, they may not be the best, hence I recommend changing it.

Here is the list of available scopes and current values:

Scopes | Colour
--- | ---
source.lookml.scope | #aaaaaa
source.lookml.scope.type | #6997bf
source.lookml.scope.name | #555555
source.lookml.scope.start | #aaaaaa
source.lookml.scope.end | #aaaaaa
source.lookml.parameter.name | #6997bf
string.quoted.double.lookml | #c77528
source.lookml.variable | #8950c7
source.lookml.parameter.value.yesno | #B6308C
source.lookml.array | #555555
source.lookml.parameter.value | #555555
source.lookml.sql.parameter.name | #6997bf
source.lookml.sql.parameter.value | #555555
source.lookml.sql.parameter.close | #aaaaaa
source.lookml.sql.function.name | #00aa00
source.lookml.sql.function.scope.start | #00aa00
source.lookml.sql.function.scope.end | #00aa00
source.lookml.liquid | #ff00f2
source.lookml.comment | #aaaaaa
source.lookml.constant | #00008b
source.lookml.sql.keyword | #0C6FFF
source.lookml.sql.numeric | #36982

